against the ammonites thus says the Lord
against the ammonites thus says the Lord has Israel no sons
has Israel no sons
has Israel no sons has he no heir why then does milcom
has he no heir why then does milcom
has he no heir why then does milcom inherit God and his people dwell in its
inherit God and his people dwell in its
inherit God and his people dwell in its cities therefore behold the days are
cities therefore behold the days are
cities therefore behold the days are coming says the Lord that I will cause
coming says the Lord that I will cause
coming says the Lord that I will cause to be heard an alarm of war in rabaa
to be heard an alarm of war in rabaa
to be heard an alarm of war in rabaa of the ammonites it shall be a desolate
of the ammonites it shall be a desolate
of the ammonites it shall be a desolate mound and her villages shall be burned
mound and her villages shall be burned
mound and her villages shall be burned with fire then Israel shall take
with fire then Israel shall take
with fire then Israel shall take possession of his inheritance whale o
possession of his inheritance whale o
possession of his inheritance whale o Heshbon for AI is plundered cry you
Heshbon for AI is plundered cry you
Heshbon for AI is plundered cry you daughters of robber gird yourselves with
daughters of robber gird yourselves with
daughters of robber gird yourselves with sackcloth lament and run to and fro by
sackcloth lament and run to and fro by
sackcloth lament and run to and fro by the walls for mill come shall go into
the walls for mill come shall go into
the walls for mill come shall go into captivity with his priests and his
captivity with his priests and his
captivity with his priests and his princes together why do you boast in the
princes together why do you boast in the
princes together why do you boast in the valence your flowing valley o
valence your flowing valley o
valence your flowing valley o backsliding daughter who trusted in her
backsliding daughter who trusted in her
backsliding daughter who trusted in her treasures saying who will come against
treasures saying who will come against
treasures saying who will come against me behold I will bring fear upon you
me behold I will bring fear upon you
me behold I will bring fear upon you says the Lord God of hosts from all
says the Lord God of hosts from all
says the Lord God of hosts from all those who are around you you shall be
those who are around you you shall be
those who are around you you shall be driven out everyone headlong and no one
driven out everyone headlong and no one
driven out everyone headlong and no one will gather those who wander off but
will gather those who wander off but
will gather those who wander off but afterward I will bring back the captives
afterward I will bring back the captives
afterward I will bring back the captives of the people of ammon says the Lord
of the people of ammon says the Lord
of the people of ammon says the Lord against Edom thus says the Lord of hosts
against Edom thus says the Lord of hosts
against Edom thus says the Lord of hosts is wisdom nor more intimate has counsel
is wisdom nor more intimate has counsel
is wisdom nor more intimate has counsel perished from the prudent has their
perished from the prudent has their
perished from the prudent has their wisdom vanished
wisdom vanished
wisdom vanished FLE turn back dwell in the depths or
FLE turn back dwell in the depths or
FLE turn back dwell in the depths or inhabitants of Eden for I will bring the
inhabitants of Eden for I will bring the
inhabitants of Eden for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him the time that
calamity of Esau upon him the time that
calamity of Esau upon him the time that I will punish him
I will punish him
I will punish him if grape gatherers came to you would
if grape gatherers came to you would
if grape gatherers came to you would they not leave some gleaning grapes if
they not leave some gleaning grapes if
they not leave some gleaning grapes if thieves by night would they not destroy
thieves by night would they not destroy
thieves by night would they not destroy until they have enough but I have made
until they have enough but I have made
until they have enough but I have made Esau there I have uncovered his secret
Esau there I have uncovered his secret
Esau there I have uncovered his secret places and he shall not be able to hide
places and he shall not be able to hide
places and he shall not be able to hide himself his descendants are plundered
himself his descendants are plundered
himself his descendants are plundered his brethren and his neighbours and he
his brethren and his neighbours and he
his brethren and his neighbours and he is no more leave your fatherless
is no more leave your fatherless
is no more leave your fatherless children I will preserve them alive and
children I will preserve them alive and
children I will preserve them alive and let your widows trust in me for thus
let your widows trust in me for thus
let your widows trust in me for thus says the Lord behold of those whose
says the Lord behold of those whose
says the Lord behold of those whose judgment was not to drink of the cup
judgment was not to drink of the cup
judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunk and are you the one
have assuredly drunk and are you the one
have assuredly drunk and are you the one who will altogether go unpunished you
who will altogether go unpunished you
who will altogether go unpunished you shall not go unpunished but you shall
shall not go unpunished but you shall
shall not go unpunished but you shall surely drink of it for I have sworn by
surely drink of it for I have sworn by
surely drink of it for I have sworn by myself says the Lord that Basra shall
myself says the Lord that Basra shall
myself says the Lord that Basra shall become a desolation a reproach a waste
become a desolation a reproach a waste
become a desolation a reproach a waste and the curse and all its cities shall
and the curse and all its cities shall
and the curse and all its cities shall be perpetual wastes I have heard a
be perpetual wastes I have heard a
be perpetual wastes I have heard a message from the Lord and an ambassador
message from the Lord and an ambassador
message from the Lord and an ambassador has been sent to the nations gather
has been sent to the nations gather
has been sent to the nations gather together come against her and rise up to
together come against her and rise up to
together come against her and rise up to battle for indeed I will make you small
battle for indeed I will make you small
battle for indeed I will make you small among nations despised among men your
among nations despised among men your
among nations despised among men your fierceness has deceived you the pride of
fierceness has deceived you the pride of
fierceness has deceived you the pride of your heart o you who dwell in the clefts
your heart o you who dwell in the clefts
your heart o you who dwell in the clefts of the rock who hold the height of the
of the rock who hold the height of the
of the rock who hold the height of the hill though you make your nest as high
hill though you make your nest as high
hill though you make your nest as high as the Eagle I will bring you down from
as the Eagle I will bring you down from
as the Eagle I will bring you down from there says the Lord
there says the Lord
there says the Lord Edom also shall be an astonishment
Edom also shall be an astonishment
Edom also shall be an astonishment everyone who goes by it will be
everyone who goes by it will be
everyone who goes by it will be astonished and will hiss at all its
astonished and will hiss at all its
astonished and will hiss at all its plagues as in the overthrow of sodom and
plagues as in the overthrow of sodom and
plagues as in the overthrow of sodom and gomorrah and their neighbors says the
gomorrah and their neighbors says the
gomorrah and their neighbors says the Lord no one shall remain there nor shall
Lord no one shall remain there nor shall
Lord no one shall remain there nor shall the Son of Man dwell in it behold he
the Son of Man dwell in it behold he
the Son of Man dwell in it behold he shall come up like a lion from the flood
shall come up like a lion from the flood
shall come up like a lion from the flood plain of the Jordan against the dwelling
plain of the Jordan against the dwelling
plain of the Jordan against the dwelling place of the strong but I will suddenly
place of the strong but I will suddenly
place of the strong but I will suddenly make him run away from her and who is a
make him run away from her and who is a
make him run away from her and who is a chosen man that I may appoint over earth
chosen man that I may appoint over earth
chosen man that I may appoint over earth for who is like me who will array me and
for who is like me who will array me and
for who is like me who will array me and who is that Shepherd who will withstand
who is that Shepherd who will withstand
who is that Shepherd who will withstand me therefore hear the counsel of the
me therefore hear the counsel of the
me therefore hear the counsel of the Lord that he is taken against Edom and
Lord that he is taken against Edom and
Lord that he is taken against Edom and his purposes that he is proposed against
his purposes that he is proposed against
his purposes that he is proposed against the inhabitants of teman surely the
the inhabitants of teman surely the
the inhabitants of teman surely the least of the flock shall draw them out
least of the flock shall draw them out
least of the flock shall draw them out surely he shall make their dwelling
surely he shall make their dwelling
surely he shall make their dwelling places desolate with them the earth
places desolate with them the earth
places desolate with them the earth shakes at the noise of their fall at the
shakes at the noise of their fall at the
shakes at the noise of their fall at the cry it's noise is heard at the Red Sea
cry it's noise is heard at the Red Sea
cry it's noise is heard at the Red Sea behold he shall come up and fly like the
behold he shall come up and fly like the
behold he shall come up and fly like the eagle and spread its wings over Basra
eagle and spread its wings over Basra
eagle and spread its wings over Basra the heart of the mighty men of Edom in
the heart of the mighty men of Edom in
the heart of the mighty men of Edom in that day shall be like the heart of a
that day shall be like the heart of a
that day shall be like the heart of a woman in birth pangs against Damascus
woman in birth pangs against Damascus
woman in birth pangs against Damascus hey math and Arpad are shamed for they
hey math and Arpad are shamed for they
hey math and Arpad are shamed for they have heard bad news
have heard bad news
have heard bad news they are faint-hearted there is trouble
they are faint-hearted there is trouble
they are faint-hearted there is trouble on the sea it cannot be quiet Damascus
on the sea it cannot be quiet Damascus
on the sea it cannot be quiet Damascus has grown feeble she turns to flee and
has grown feeble she turns to flee and
has grown feeble she turns to flee and fear has seized her anguish and sorrows
fear has seized her anguish and sorrows
fear has seized her anguish and sorrows have taken her like a woman in labor
have taken her like a woman in labor
have taken her like a woman in labor why is the city of praise not deserted
why is the city of praise not deserted
why is the city of praise not deserted the city of my joy therefore her young
the city of my joy therefore her young
the city of my joy therefore her young men shall fall in her streets and all
men shall fall in her streets and all
men shall fall in her streets and all the men of war shall be cut off in that
the men of war shall be cut off in that
the men of war shall be cut off in that day says the Lord of Hosts I will kindle
day says the Lord of Hosts I will kindle
day says the Lord of Hosts I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus and it
a fire in the wall of Damascus and it
a fire in the wall of Damascus and it shall consume the palaces of ben-hadad
shall consume the palaces of ben-hadad
shall consume the palaces of ben-hadad against Peter and against the kingdoms
against Peter and against the kingdoms
against Peter and against the kingdoms of Heiser which Nebuchadnezzar king of
of Heiser which Nebuchadnezzar king of
of Heiser which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon shall strike thus says the Lord
Babylon shall strike thus says the Lord
Babylon shall strike thus says the Lord arise go up to Keita and devastate the
arise go up to Keita and devastate the
arise go up to Keita and devastate the men of the east their tents and their
men of the east their tents and their
men of the east their tents and their flocks they shall take away they shall
flocks they shall take away they shall
flocks they shall take away they shall take for themselves their curtains all
take for themselves their curtains all
take for themselves their curtains all their vessels and their camels and they
their vessels and their camels and they
their vessels and their camels and they shall cry out to them fear is on every
shall cry out to them fear is on every
shall cry out to them fear is on every side flee get far away dwell in the
side flee get far away dwell in the
side flee get far away dwell in the depths so inhabitants of hazal for
depths so inhabitants of hazal for
depths so inhabitants of hazal for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has taken
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has taken
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has taken counsel against you and has conceived a
counsel against you and has conceived a
counsel against you and has conceived a plan against you arise go up to the
plan against you arise go up to the
plan against you arise go up to the wealthy nation that dwells securely
wealthy nation that dwells securely
wealthy nation that dwells securely which has neither gates nor bars
which has neither gates nor bars
which has neither gates nor bars dwelling alone their camels shall be for
dwelling alone their camels shall be for
dwelling alone their camels shall be for booty and the multitude of their cattle
booty and the multitude of their cattle
booty and the multitude of their cattle for plunder I was scattered to all winds
for plunder I was scattered to all winds
for plunder I was scattered to all winds those in the farthest corners and I will
those in the farthest corners and I will
those in the farthest corners and I will bring their calamity from all its sides
bring their calamity from all its sides
bring their calamity from all its sides Heiser shall be our dwelling for jackals
Heiser shall be our dwelling for jackals
Heiser shall be our dwelling for jackals a desolation for ever no one shall
a desolation for ever no one shall
a desolation for ever no one shall reside there nor son of man dwell in it
reside there nor son of man dwell in it
reside there nor son of man dwell in it the word of the Lord that came to
the word of the Lord that came to
the word of the Lord that came to Jeremiah the Prophet against Elam in the
Jeremiah the Prophet against Elam in the
Jeremiah the Prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah thus says the Lord of Hosts
of Judah thus says the Lord of Hosts
of Judah thus says the Lord of Hosts behold I will break the bow of Elam the
behold I will break the bow of Elam the
behold I will break the bow of Elam the foremost of their might against Elam I
foremost of their might against Elam I
foremost of their might against Elam I will bring the four winds from the four
will bring the four winds from the four
will bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven and scatter them
quarters of heaven and scatter them
quarters of heaven and scatter them toward all those winds there shall be no
toward all those winds there shall be no
toward all those winds there shall be no nations where the outcasts of Elam will
nations where the outcasts of Elam will
nations where the outcasts of Elam will not go for I will cause Elam to be
not go for I will cause Elam to be
not go for I will cause Elam to be dismayed before their enemies and before
dismayed before their enemies and before
dismayed before their enemies and before those who seek their life
those who seek their life
those who seek their life I will bring disaster upon them my
I will bring disaster upon them my
I will bring disaster upon them my fierce anger says the Lord and I will
fierce anger says the Lord and I will
fierce anger says the Lord and I will send the sword after them until I have
send the sword after them until I have
send the sword after them until I have consumed them I will set my throne in
consumed them I will set my throne in
consumed them I will set my throne in Elam and will destroy from there the
Elam and will destroy from there the
Elam and will destroy from there the king and the princes but it shall come
king and the princes but it shall come
king and the princes but it shall come to pass in the latter days I will bring
to pass in the latter days I will bring
to pass in the latter days I will bring back the captives of Elam